improve CMK documentation of microsoft sentinel (#119809)
Azure/azure-content: articles/sentinel/customer-managed-keys.md

## Enable CMK 

To provision CMK, follow these steps:

> 1.  Make sure you have a log analytics workspace, that is linked to a dedicated cluster, on which CMK is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Make sure you have a Log Analytics workspace, and that it's linked to a dedicated cluster on which CMK is enabled. (See [Prerequisites](#prerequisites).)
```

1.  Register to the Azure Cosmos DB Resource Provider.
1.  Add an access policy to your Azure Key Vault instance.
1.  Onboard the workspace to Microsoft Sentinel via the [Onboarding API](/rest/api/securityinsights/preview/sentinel-onboarding-states/create).
1.  Contact the Microsoft Sentinel Product group to confirm onboarding.

> ### Step 1: CMK log analytics workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Configure CMK on a Log Analytics workspace on a dedicated cluster
```

> As mentioned in the prerequisites, to onboard a log analytics workspace with CMK in Microsoft Sentinel, this workspace needs to be linked to a dedicated log analytics cluster, on which CMK is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in the [prerequisites](#prerequisites), to onboard a Log Analytics workspace with CMK to Microsoft Sentinel, this workspace must first be linked to a dedicated Log Analytics cluster on which CMK is enabled.
```

> Sentinel will use the same key which is used by the dedicated cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Sentinel will use the same key used by the dedicated cluster.
```

Follow the instructions in [Azure Monitor customer-managed key configuration](../azure-monitor/logs/customer-managed-keys.md) in order to create a CMK workspace that is used as the Microsoft Sentinel workspace in the following steps.

### Step 2: Register the Azure Cosmos DB Resource Provider

> Microsoft Sentinel works with Azure Cosmos DB as an additional storage resource. Make sure to register to the Azure Cosmos DB Resource Provider before onboarding a CMK workspace to sentinel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Sentinel works with Azure Cosmos DB as an additional storage resource. Make sure to register to the Azure Cosmos DB Resource Provider before onboarding a CMK workspace to Microsoft Sentinel.
```

Follow the instructions to [Register the Azure Cosmos DB Resource Provider](../cosmos-db/how-to-setup-cmk.md#register-resource-provider) for your Azure subscription.

### Step 3: Add an access policy to your Azure Key Vault instance

> Add an access policy that allows Azure Cosmos DB to access the Azure Key Vault instance that is linked to your dedicated log analytics cluster (the same key will be used by Sentinel). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an access policy that allows Azure Cosmos DB to access the Azure Key Vault instance that is linked to your dedicated Log Analytics cluster (the same key will be used by Microsoft Sentinel). 
```

} 
```

### Step 4: Contact the Microsoft Sentinel Product group to confirm onboarding 

> Lastly, confirm the onboarding status of your CMK enabled workspace by contacting the [Microsoft Sentinel Product Group](mailto:onboardrecoeng@microsoft.com).

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth it to ask them to check the GET request first to confirm onboarding is completed?

} 
```

### Step 5: Contact the Microsoft Sentinel Product group to confirm onboarding 

> Lastly, confirm the onboarding status of your CMK enabled workspace by contacting the [Microsoft Sentinel Product Group](mailto:onboardrecoeng@microsoft.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, confirm the onboarding status of your CMK-enabled workspace by contacting the [Microsoft Sentinel Product Group](mailto:onboardrecoeng@microsoft.com).
```
